Update blocks-registry docs (#4946)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: packages/checkout/blocks-registry/README.md

In the above example, the inner block would be inserted automatically, and would not be movable or removable by the merchant.

### Passing attributes to your frontend block

> For your block to dynamically render on the frontend, and for you to access your attributes, you need to pass them in the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your block to dynamically render on the frontend and have access to its own attributes, both the block name and the list of block attributes need to be passed via HTML `data-` attributes.
```

This function registers a block and it's corresponding component with WooCommerce. The register function expects a JavaScript object with options specific to the block you are registering.

> ### Passing attributes to your frontend block

Reviewer 2: This doesn't feel like it's in a logical place, could it be moved under the usage section?

Could you also add a more detailed description or example of what exactly this solves, or perhaps describe the way you'd have to do this without the filter?

Author: I expanded on this, but I believe this docblock should be high up on the tree, before diving into JS implementation. I moved it a step higher.

This is because having this block higher is essential to get the block to actually render on the frontend, missing this step caused a lot of [frustration and debugging when Niels was trying to render his block.](p1634634917287000-slack-C8X6Q7XQU)

In order to access your attributes on your frontend component, you need to append them to your saved html.

> Blocks whose namespace is `woocommerce` or `woocommerce-checkout` would have this applied to them automaticly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blocks whose namespace is `woocommerce` or `woocommerce-checkout` will have this applied to them automatically, but you can also add this behaviour to your own namespace or individual blocks.
```
